feat(components): [drawer] extend `resizable` (#23496)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/drawer.md

Try to drag the edge part.

> :::demo Set `resizable` to `true` to resize. Use `resizable` with an object ^(2.13.1) to constrain the drawer's dimensions. When `minSize` is not set, the drawer cannot be resized smaller than its initial `size`. When `maxSize` is not set, the drawer cannot exceed the viewport size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::demo Set `resizable` to `true` to resize. Use `resizable` with an object ^(2.14.4) to constrain the drawer's dimensions. When `minSize` is not set, the drawer cannot be resized smaller than its initial `size`. When `maxSize` is not set, the drawer cannot exceed the viewport size.
```

| modal-penetrable ^(2.11.7) | whether the mask is penetrable. The modal attribute must be `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | ^[boolean]                                                                                                                                                                                     | false   |
| direction                  | Drawer's opening direction                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | ^[enum]`'rtl' \| 'ltr' \| 'ttb' \| 'btt'`                                                                                                                                                      | rtl     |

> | resizable ^(2.11.0)        | enable resizable feature for Drawer. Use an object ^(2.13.1) to configure `minSize` and `maxSize` in pixels                                                                                                                                                                                                  | ^[boolean] / ^[object]`{ minSize?: number, maxSize?: number }`                                                                                                                                 | false   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| resizable ^(2.11.0)        | enable resizable feature for Drawer. Use an object ^(2.14.4) to configure `minSize` and `maxSize` in pixels                                                                                                                                                                                                  | ^[boolean] / ^[object]`{ minSize?: number, maxSize?: number }`                                                                                                                                 | false   |
```
